{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21840\viewh16140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Devise:\ulnone \
username: must be at least 3 characters, max 20, no rules on upper/lowercase or numbers. No duplicate account usernames in the database.\
password: \'a0must be at least 3 characters, max 12, no rules on upper/lowercase or numbers\
email: validate that entry has '@' and '.'.\
\
Once logged in:\
 if the user is logged in, clicking the \'91V\'92 image  in the header should redirect the user to the dashboard page.\
If the user is not logged in, clicking the \'91V\'92 image  in the header should redirect the user to the index page.\
The Desktop dashboard and feature pages all have \'91Welcome, <%= username %> tags that must be inserted\
\
\ul Stripe:\ulnone \
Subscription model\
$2.99/month or $29.99/yr\
Push user through stripe on creation of account. If subscription expires (payment stops). Do not delete account, but deny access (will create redirect page )\
Do NOT use Devise email variable for this. User (re)enters email on credit card form.\
Admin accounts do not require Stripe authentication to function.\
\
\ul Images:\'a0\ulnone \
Image upload is optional on BASIC INFO page.\
Validate .jpg, .png, .gif file extension prior to upload. (trigger alert if fail)\
Accept up to 2MB file\
For mobile, use Carrierwave/ImageMagick to generate thumbnail (exact size TBD)\
\
\ul Dashboard (Desktop)\ulnone \
This is the main EDIT panel controlling all the features\
The toggle switch controls ON/OFF.\'a0\
	If ON, the mobile view will SHOW the content of that feature.\
	If OFF, the mobile view will redirect to the 'OFF.html' version of that feature\
	EDIT redirects to the feature page\
\
\ul Dashboard (Mobile)\ulnone \
6 button control panel. Clicking the button calls the feature page.\
Depending on Dashboard On/Off state, the features will link to their ON/Off pages.\
\
\ul Basic Info (Desktop): \ulnone \
First name: required 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Last name: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Important fact #1: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Important fact #2: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Emergency Contact Name: optional
\i (string)
\i0 \
Emergency Contact Phone: Required IF Emergency Contact Name is used. 
\i (integer)
\i0 \
Image: optional 
\i (string)\
\

\i0 \ul Basic Info (Mobile): \
\ulnone Display  user.first_name\
		user.last_name (if applicable)\
		user.important_fact_1 (if applicable)\
		user.important_fact_2 (if applicable)\
		user.emergency_contact_name as button (if applicable). Clicking launches user.emergency_contact_number as tel #\
\

\i \

\i0 \ul Places (Desktop): \ulnone \
Place Name: required
\i  (string)\

\i0 Place Address: required 
\i (string)\

\i0 Preview executes info from place address on screen.\
Save adds it to list\
Edit/delete buttons for each list item\
Maximum 12 places per count. If user tries to create 13th, trigger alert (text TBD)\
See additional model for Gmaps4Rails rules.\
\
\ul Places (Mobile): \
\ulnone Display user.place_name as button 
\b list
\b0 . \
Clicking button launches user.place_address as URL in Google Maps\
\
\
\ul Phone (Desktop): \ulnone \
Contact Name: required
\i  (string)\

\i0 Contact Number: required 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Save adds it to list\
Maximum 12 numbers per account. If user tries to create 13th, trigger alert (text TBD)\
Edit/delete buttons for each list item\
\
\ul Phone (Mobile): \
\ulnone Display user.contact_name as button 
\b list
\b0 . \
Clicking button launches user.contact_number as tel #\
\
\
\ul Medical Info (Desktop): \ulnone \
Primary Condition: required 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Secondary Condition: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Emergency Contact Name: optional
\i (string)
\i0 \
Emergency Contact Phone: Required IF Emergency Contact Name is used. 
\i (integer)\

\i0 Doctor Name: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Doctor Phone: Required IF Emergency Contact Name is used. 
\i (integer)
\i0 \
Hospital Name: optional 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Hospital Phone: Required IF Emergency Contact Name is used. 
\i (integer)\
\

\i0 \ul Medical Info (Mobile): 
\i \ulnone \

\i0 Display  user.primary_condition\
		user.secondary_condition (if applicable)\
		user.emergency_contact as button (if applicable). Clicking launches user.contact_phone as tel #\
		user.doctor_name as button (if applicable) Clicking launches user.doctor_phone as tel #\
		user.hospital_name as button (if applicable) Clicking launches user.hospital_phone as tel #\

\i \
\

\i0 \ul Take Me Home (Desktop)
\i \ulnone \

\i0 Place address: required 
\i (integer)\

\i0 Preview executes info from place address on screen.\
Save assigns the Google Map URL to mobile\
One 1 place can be saved at a time
\i \

\i0 \
\ul Take Me Home (Mobile)\
\ulnone Pressing the button launches Google Maps from current location to saved URL location.\
\
\ul Video link (Desktop)\ulnone \
Video link stores a YouTube/Vimeo URL as embedded player in mobile site\
Video URL: required 
\i (string)
\i0 \
Descriptive call to action: optional 
\i (text) \

\i0 Preview launches the video URL in the browser window\
Save assigns the URL to the mobile site.\
One link/call to action per account.
\i \

\i0 \
\ul Video link (Desktop)\
	\ulnone display video URL link as embedded player/iframe\
	display user.call_to_action\ul \
\ulnone \
\
\
\
\

\i \
\

\i0 \
\
\
\
}